
Today, Vice President Kamala Harris convened 75 student leaders at the White House from colleges and universities across 33 states to discuss the fight to protect reproductive rights. During the conversation, the student leaders spoke about reproductive health care access on their college and university campuses, and they shared stories about how students are organizing in their communities following the Supreme Court overturning Roe v. Wade in Dobbs v. Jackson Women’s Health Organization. The student leaders highlighted how young people are mobilizing to oppose restrictive abortion laws, and how these laws are creating confusion for individuals seeking reproductive health services.  They discussed the intersection of attacks on abortion access and attacks on voting rights and LGBTQI+ rights – noting the importance of building coalitions to defend rights and freedoms. The Vice President and student leaders spoke about supporting survivors of sexual violence on college campuses and making it easier for individuals to receive health care free from stigma. The participants raised concerns about access to contraception on campus and the ability to travel out-of-state if necessary to receive reproductive care. The Vice President applauded the student leaders for their work and encouraged them to continue fighting for reproductive freedom. The Vice President has brought together leaders from across the nation who are on the frontlines fighting to protect reproductive health care and abortion access. This month, the Vice President has traveled to Connecticut and Texas to participate in conversations with reproductive rights leaders, and she chaired the Second Meeting of the Interagency Task Force on Reproductive Healthcare Access at the White House. Since May, she has held more than 20 convenings and met with 180+ state legislators from 18 states to discuss protecting reproductive rights. The Vice President has also convened health care providers, constitutional law experts, faith leaders, state attorneys general, disability rights leaders, higher education leaders, students, and advocates.  Colleges and Universities Represented
###